project I say was created to bring
together global leaders in science
industry policy and education to focus
on solutions for marine debris and
pollution in our oceans
the cplex expedition to the North
Pacific Gyre is our first collaboration
with Scripps oceanography and one of two
research expeditions were supporting
them gyre one is aboard the research
vessel new horizon and the other aboard
the tallship I say aboard the new
horizon we join a group of young
oceanographers to explore the scale and
scope of the marine to be problem in the
gyre during the expedition project
Kaisei volunteers work together with
Scripps scientists around the clock in
12-hour shifts to collect as much data
as possible we came on this expedition
not knowing what we might find a
thousand miles offshore in one of the
most remote places on earth we
continuously found small particles of
plastic at the surface in every net
within the gyre totaling 100 consecutive
toes along twelve hundred miles of
regular sampling we came up with plastic
we also found large debris supporting
ecosystems of small marine animals and
potentially transporting them across the
Pacific SEAPLEX scientists will now
analyze the data collected during this
expedition to find answers to key
questions about the extent and impacts
of marine debris in the North Pacific
Gyre
they will also be looking to see if
toxins from the debris are entering our
food chain the problem of marine debris
in this part of the ocean is pervasive
today our society uses permanent
materials for disposable products
project Kaisei wants to help people
around the world to understand the
impact of waste in the ocean and to
rethink our use of materials that end up
there is debris we will leverage our
contacts through industry innovation and
outreach in order to raise the awareness
needed to bring about improved ocean
health project ICA is committed to
motivating global change in favor of a
clean ocean